com/google/ar/sceneform/ux/ScaleController.java
 com.google.ar.sceneform.ux.ScaleController
com/google/ar/sceneform/ux/HandMotionAnimation.java
 com.google.ar.sceneform.ux.HandMotionAnimation
com/google/ar/sceneform/ux/BaseGestureRecognizer.java
 com.google.ar.sceneform.ux.BaseGestureRecognizer
 com.google.ar.sceneform.ux.BaseGestureRecognizer$OnGestureStartedListener
com/google/ar/sceneform/ux/DragGesture.java
 com.google.ar.sceneform.ux.DragGesture
 com.google.ar.sceneform.ux.DragGesture$OnGestureEventListener
com/google/ar/sceneform/ux/TwistGestureRecognizer.java
 com.google.ar.sceneform.ux.TwistGestureRecognizer
 com.google.ar.sceneform.ux.TwistGestureRecognizer$OnGestureStartedListener
com/google/ar/sceneform/ux/PinchGesture.java
 com.google.ar.sceneform.ux.PinchGesture
 com.google.ar.sceneform.ux.PinchGesture$OnGestureEventListener
com/google/ar/sceneform/ux/HandMotionView.java
 com.google.ar.sceneform.ux.HandMotionView
com/google/ar/sceneform/ux/BaseTransformationController.java
 com.google.ar.sceneform.ux.BaseTransformationController
com/google/ar/sceneform/ux/ArFragment.java
 com.google.ar.sceneform.ux.ArFragment
com/google/ar/sceneform/ux/GesturePointersUtility.java
 com.google.ar.sceneform.ux.GesturePointersUtility
com/google/ar/sceneform/ux/BaseArFragment.java
 com.google.ar.sceneform.ux.BaseArFragment
 com.google.ar.sceneform.ux.BaseArFragment$1
 com.google.ar.sceneform.ux.BaseArFragment$2
 com.google.ar.sceneform.ux.BaseArFragment$3
 com.google.ar.sceneform.ux.BaseArFragment$4
 com.google.ar.sceneform.ux.BaseArFragment$OnSessionInitializationListener
 com.google.ar.sceneform.ux.BaseArFragment$OnTapArPlaneListener
com/google/ar/sceneform/ux/PlaneDiscoveryController.java
 com.google.ar.sceneform.ux.PlaneDiscoveryController
com/google/ar/sceneform/ux/PinchGestureRecognizer.java
 com.google.ar.sceneform.ux.PinchGestureRecognizer
 com.google.ar.sceneform.ux.PinchGestureRecognizer$OnGestureStartedListener
com/google/ar/sceneform/ux/TransformableNode.java
 com.google.ar.sceneform.ux.TransformableNode
com/google/ar/sceneform/ux/RotationController.java
 com.google.ar.sceneform.ux.RotationController
com/google/ar/sceneform/ux/SelectionVisualizer.java
 com.google.ar.sceneform.ux.SelectionVisualizer
com/google/ar/sceneform/ux/BuildConfig.java
 com.google.ar.sceneform.ux.BuildConfig
com/google/ar/sceneform/ux/DragGestureRecognizer.java
 com.google.ar.sceneform.ux.DragGestureRecognizer
 com.google.ar.sceneform.ux.DragGestureRecognizer$OnGestureStartedListener
com/google/ar/sceneform/ux/FootprintSelectionVisualizer.java
 com.google.ar.sceneform.ux.FootprintSelectionVisualizer
com/google/ar/sceneform/ux/BaseTransformableNode.java
 com.google.ar.sceneform.ux.BaseTransformableNode
com/google/ar/sceneform/ux/TransformationSystem.java
 com.google.ar.sceneform.ux.TransformationSystem
com/google/ar/sceneform/ux/TranslationController.java
 com.google.ar.sceneform.ux.TranslationController
com/google/ar/sceneform/ux/BaseGesture.java
 com.google.ar.sceneform.ux.BaseGesture
 com.google.ar.sceneform.ux.BaseGesture$OnGestureEventListener
com/google/ar/sceneform/ux/TwistGesture.java
 com.google.ar.sceneform.ux.TwistGesture
 com.google.ar.sceneform.ux.TwistGesture$OnGestureEventListener
